Generate API docs (#1884)
nginxinc/nginx-gateway-fabric: site/content/how-to/traffic-management/client-settings.md

## Further Reading

- [Custom policies]({{< relref "overview/custom-policies.md" >}}): learn about how NGINX Gateway Fabric custom policies work.

> - [API reference]({{< relref "reference/api.md" >}}): learn about the `ClientSettingsPolicy` API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [API reference]({{< relref "reference/api.md" >}}): all configuration fields for the `ClientSettingsPolicy` API.
```
